docs: add a instruction (#241)
livecycle/preevy: site/docs/intro/getting-started.mdx

  ```bash
  preevy up
  ```

> **Note:** Make sure the repo/project you are working and running the `preevy up` command is a git initialized repo and at least one commit has been made. This is required for Preevy to create a unique preview environment name.

Reviewer: This phrasing may create the impression that git is required in order to use Preevy. Also, it would be helpful to state the reason for having a git context.

```suggestion
**Note:** Preevy uses the git repo at the current directory to calculate a stable environment ID for your project. Make sure a git repo is initialized (with at least one commit), or add the `--id` flag to explicitly specify the environment ID.
```
